Add NumPy Developer in Residence post (#98)
scientific-python/blog.scientific-python.org: content/posts/numpy/first-developer-in-residence/index.md

generously shared his knowledge of SIMD instructions with the core
developer team, and helped integrate the work of various volunteer and
industry contributors in this area. As a result, we've been able to
expand support to multiple CPU architectures, integrating contributions
from IBM, Intel, Apple, and others, none of which would have been
possible without Sayed. Furthermore, when NumPy tentatively started
using C++ in 2021, Sayed was one of the proponents of the move and
helped with its implementation.

The NumPy Steering Council sees Sayed's appointment to this role as both
recognition of his past outstanding contributions as well as an
opportunity to continue improving NumPy's computational performance. In
the next 12 months, we'd like to see Sayed focus on the following:

- SIMD code maintenance,
- code review of SIMD contributions from others,
- performance-related features,
- sharing SIMD and C++ expertise with the team and growing a NumPy
  sub-team around it,
- SIMD build system migration to Meson,
- and wherever else Sayed's interests take him.

"I'm both happy and nervous: this is a great opportunity, but also a

> great responsibility," said Sayed, who has written a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
great responsibility," said Sayed in response to his appointment.
```

> blog post further detailing his interests and new Developer in

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> blog post further detailing his interests and new Developer in

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> Residence role **TODO LINK**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
Since publishing of the blog post by Sayed has been postponed, let's remove this part from the announcement.
